1. This software responds too slowly to inputs.
2. I would recommend this software to my friends
3. The instructions and prompts are helpful
4. The software has at sometimes stop unexpectedly
5. Learning to operate this software initially is full of problems.
6. I sometimes do not know what to do next with this software.
7. I enjoy my sessions with this software
8. If the software stops it is not easy to restart it.
9. It takes too long to learn the software commands.
10. I sometimes wonder if I am using the right command.
11. Working with this software is satisfying.
12. I feel safer if I use only a few familiar commands or operations.
13. Working with this software is mentally stimulating
14. There is never enough information on the screen when it’s need.
15. I feel in command of this software when I am using it.
16. I prefer to stick to facilities that I know best.
17. I think this software is inconsistent.
18. I would not like to use this software everyday
19. I can understand and act on the information provided by this software.
20. This software is awkward when I want to do something which is not standard
21. Task can be performed in a straightforward manner using this software.
22. Using this software is frustrating
23. The speed of this software is not fast enough.
24. It is obvious that user needs have been fully taken into consideration.
25. I would not like to use this software everyday
26. The organisation of the menus or information lists seems quite logical.
27. The software allow the user to be economical of keystrokes.
28. Learning how to use new functions is difficult.
29.There are too many steps required to get something to work.
30. I think this software has made me have a headache on occasions.
31. It is easy to make the software do exactly what you want.
32. I will never learn to use all that is offered in this software
33. The software has not always done what I was expecting
34. The software has a very attractive presentation
35. It is easy to move from one part of a task to another
36. It is easy to forget how to do things with this software
37. This software occasionally behaves in a way, which cannot be understood.
38. This software is really very awkward.
39. I have to look for assistance most times when uses this software.